little girls or all the laces of
states and this here is minecraft we
we found a fashionable day you know that
every day of the year here on the channel
you have a fashion and religiously because
yes um and good the truth that I always
There is one of the questions that I have asked
and it's because minecraft is so easy
that does have a lot of many
neutral enemies friends and others but
but doing out is not complex is to say
once you already know how they work
the bugs kill them and others is easy not
it is complicated to die in minecraft by
bug and when you have a month of
experience it's really hard to die
by bug is not so complex anymore you die
by falls that for something else not because
you see a hole where there is no fall or
in short but by attacks of zombies or a
herbal clip usually not
you die is easy minecraft in order to
accounts even if you put it in difficulty
maximum so that they play more bugs not
you die, it 's easy to play then
the mod of today what he will bring is
difficulty finally that without adding
nothing new agreement is tell you what
there is already added
change things like for example
creepers that can be climbed on top of
bugs like we have right now here
possibility of more creepers coming out
charged like this one here that is
loaded and on top of the slide what
there may be up
crippen over crippen over decline
of three floors as much three floors worth
more mods and all that appear and that's it
that out there now let's go with what
next the clips can explode to
through walls what does that mean
that if he found me we're going to go to
people from this so that explain it of
way a little simpler imagine by
a simple fact that you are
inside a house agree and there is a
kripper on the other side out here in the
street of agreement but you are seeing that
through the glass it will approach and
will explode and break your house and cut down
harm to you in agreement is to say that you can
explode through the walls the
blades the big ones and takes care of them
skeleton are going to start is to piss in
the real world agree nothing of
Hernando in the real world gaps
you will put in shoot balls more
quickly it was worth before it was they did it very
slow and now they will do much more
quickly
the clippers when they explode we're going to
look for a group around here and we're going to
popping so you see it a
little the crepes when spain what
will do is a kind of bomb
fire worth look
You see explode with fire you have
visited is to say that if I put a
clipper here and we go with total
It will almost leave you burning
next point the beds are
deactivated is to say your bets and for
the night and it's not going to be done that day
yes you will catch the point of istanbul in
that aspect the bed will not fail but
you will not be able to sleep better
the zombies are going to affect the
players in cyl7 attacker are going to do
hunger damage of agreement you will receive
hurt by hunger an illness during
10 seconds of agreement and also the
enter more will have side effects
when they hit you and every time you
attack when you finish art titles that are
forward of transporting on your face is worth
and also if you do not attack them equally
if they are afraid to teleport in your
face
all the mods will be able to attack the
villagers all absolutely everyone what
you see here the villagers suffering for
fire showing them everything
eggs with go for the villagers that's
A little bitch, gift is worth the simple
fact that man for his problems
it has more difficulty to die very rich
the zombies to be able to dig for
to remove blocks according to
to be able to reach you and have a more
quick is to say that stone wall that
you can at first because the zombies
do not kill the zombies will be able to remove it
without any kind of problem and then the
mods are going to try to evade your attacks and
if you ours that you attack will try
that you do not deserve them now we're going to go
to hell, it's worth
here we are very well guardadito and we
we put inside the duty
to see if he wants to load some day that
I would be very op
well tells us a little about the
boiled in a real hell what
it means that as you see in the leader
there are creepers on top of pickman there
loaded flu there is everything here you go
to go bad as you see there are many
vices a gas two gas 34 gas 5 gas is
brutal the amount of bugs that goes to
see is exaggerated the big man does not
missing that the turn of attacks in when
had they go for you according the
difficulty is increased as you see
tired flu go out a lot more than
before and that's it, this is basically what
that added difficulty to the beast but to
the beast something more complex according
this should exist in one's own
minecraft because I would do it more
fun the difficulty works out is
what is cool and things that are impossible
no and nothing guys this is all if you
like the video to the lid subscribe
Download the mod commented and nothing
guys I command more and better until later